This is a ___ yo F with a history of IgG kappa MGUS, PD, 
traumatic femur fracture, osteoporosis, hyperpara who p/w back 
pain x3 months and ongoing radicular symptoms, found to have 
unstable T11 fracture with cord compression.  
 The patient fell 8 feet down a work shaft ___ and fractured 
her right femur. Since that time she has had intermittent lower 
back pain (also notes ___ years of stable left-sided radicular 
pain). She did have any back imaging at that time per report. In 
the last 3 months the back pain has become much more severe, to 
the point in the last few weeks that her mobility has been 
impaired (currently using walker to ambulate). Has had ongoing 
radicular symptoms that are unchanged on the left. Had some 
urinary urgency last month that resolved. No bowel/bladder 
incontinence or pelvic anesthesia.  
 2 weeks ago was sent for spinal X-ray which showed T12 
fracture. MRI yesterday showed severe, 3 columb T11 fracture 
with mild cord compression. She was subsequently sent to the ED 
for evaluation.  
 She denies any falls since ___. Prior to the last few weeks 
she was climbing at least two flights of stairs with DOE or 
chest pain.  
 She follows with Atrius onc for her MGUS which has been 
longstanding without MM. She also has a h/o hyperCa from 
hyperparathyroidism, with osteoporosis. Was going to get Prolia 
this week prior to fracture diagnosis (last dose prior to her 
fracture in ___  
 In the ED, initial vital signs were: 96.7 75 123/63 16 100% RA  

 - Exam was notable for: ___ neuro exam  
 - Labs were normal  
 - Imaging: CT T/L spine with severe 3 column fracture at T11 
with cord compression  
 - The patient was given no meds  
 - Consults: Orthospine. No evidence of symptomatic cord 
compression, recommended log-roll precautions, NPO for possible 
repair in the AM, admission to medicine  
 Vitals prior to transfer were: 98.5 75 166/104 18 100% RA  
 Upon arrival to the floor, the patient has ongoing lower back 
pain.